.config/sublime-text-2/Packages/Nodejs/Readme.md, before:

Nodejs Sublime Text 2 Package
=============================

# PROJECT LOOKING FOR NEW MAINTAINER

## Please note this project is no longer activley maintained. The occasional pull request is accepted but it looking for someone to officially take over 

Since I started this project, I've not really know where to take it past the initial few versions I released. As such
I am no longer maintaining this project - nor do I have the time to look into some of the existing issues.

If anyone would be interested in taking over this project to maintain - and hopefully take it somewhere, then please get
in touch.

Overview
--------
The Nodejs Sublime Text 2 Package provides a set of code completion, scripts and tools to work with
[nodejs](http://nodejs.org).

Code Completion
---------------
The package code completion is generated from the main nodejs libraries and global namespaces. To invoke
the code completion start typing the namespace you want (For example, type `fs`) and then Ctrl + Space, you get this:

![A picture of the file system context menu](http://i.imgur.com/ZCFcC.png)

Node Commands
-------------
You can access node commands in two ways.

* Via the menu in `Tools -> Node`
* By accessing the Command Palette and typing `node`
 
The current commands available are (with Windows binding, other bindings are provided):

* Run current script in node (Alt + R)
* Run current script in node debug (Alt + D)
* Run current script in node and arguments (Ctrl + Alt + r)
* Run current script in node debug and arguments (Ctrl + Alt + D)
* Uglify Code
* NPM Command
* Build documentation (builds the completion files)

Snippets
----------------
Also included are some boilerplate snippets.  They include functionality such as a http server,
reading the contents of a directory, etc.

To access these snippets type `node` in your editor followed by Ctrl + Space

If you have any boilerplate code you would like to see in here, get in touch.

Install
-------
You may install `Nodejs` via the [Sublime Text 2 package manager](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control),
or using git with the below commands:

*MacOSX*

    `git clone git://github.com/tanepiper/SublimeText-Nodejs.git ~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 2/Packages/Nodejs`

*Windows*

    `git clone https://github.com/tanepiper/SublimeText-Nodejs "%APPDATA%\Sublime Text 2\Packages\Nodejs"`

Build Systems
-------------
PLEASE NOTE: The build system will be refactored to provide different nodejs build systems (such as jake)

If you have a JavaScript file open, by selecting `Tools -> Build Systems -> Nodejs` and
then hitting Ctrl + B, you will activate the node build system on your file and node will try to run it.
You may need to add a `path` variable to the settings object for this if your node executable is not found

Todo
----
* Replace the Nodejs.sublime-build to work with [jake](https://github.com/mde/jake)
* Reorganise menu structure
* Improve code completion snippets where possible
* Provide an interface for writing JavaScript plugins

Author & Contributors
----------------------
[Tane Piper](http://twitter.com/tanepiper) - if you find this plugin useful then please ping me if you would like to
donate to my Sublime Text 2 licence fund

Commit message:

- Update oh-my-zsh with changes from upstream repo - Remove git-extras from enabled zsh plugins - Update several sublime packages

.config/sublime-text-2/Packages/Nodejs/Readme.md, after:

Nodejs Sublime Text 3 Package
=============================

Overview
--------
The Nodejs Sublime Text 3 Package provides a set of code completion, scripts and tools to work with
[nodejs](http://nodejs.org).

Code Completion
---------------
The package code completion is generated from the main nodejs libraries and global namespaces. To invoke
the code completion start typing the namespace you want (For example, type `fs`) and then Ctrl + Space, you get this:

![A picture of the file system context menu](http://i.imgur.com/ZCFcC.png)

Node Commands
-------------
You can access node commands in two ways.

* Via the menu in `Tools -> Node`
* By accessing the Command Palette and typing `node`
 
The current commands available are (with Windows binding, other bindings are provided):

* Run current script in node (Alt + R)
* Run current script in node debug (Alt + D)
* Run current script in node and arguments (Ctrl + Alt + r)
* Run current script in node debug and arguments (Ctrl + Alt + D)
* Uglify Code
* NPM Command
* Build documentation (builds the completion files)

Snippets
----------------
Also included are some boilerplate snippets.  They include functionality such as a http server,
reading the contents of a directory, etc.

To access these snippets type `node` in your editor followed by Ctrl + Space

If you have any boilerplate code you would like to see in here, get in touch.

Install
-------
At the time you can't install this package from [Sublime Text 3 package manager](https://packagecontrol.io). With package manager you can only install old ABANDONED version of this package for Sublime Text 2.

*MacOSX*

    `git clone https://github.com/tanepiper/SublimeText-Nodejs.git ~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 3/Packages/Nodejs`

*Windows*

    `git clone https://github.com/tanepiper/SublimeText-Nodejs "%APPDATA%\Sublime Text 3\Packages\Nodejs"`

*Linux*
    
    `git clone https://github.com/tanepiper/SublimeText-Nodejs $HOME/.config/sublime-text-3/Packages/Nodejs`

Build Systems
-------------
PLEASE NOTE: The build system will be refactored to provide different nodejs build systems (such as jake)

If you have a JavaScript file open, by selecting `Tools -> Build Systems -> Nodejs` and
then hitting Ctrl + B, you will activate the node build system on your file and node will try to run it.
You may need to add a `path` variable to the settings object for this if your node executable is not found

Todo
----
* Generate Sublime Text completions during installation phase depending on the version of installed Node
* Check for nvm installation
* Replace the Nodejs.sublime-build to work with [jake](https://github.com/mde/jake)
* Reorganise menu structure
* Improve code completion snippets where possible
* Provide an interface for writing JavaScript plugins

Author & Contributors
----------------------
This is a fork of [Tane Piper's](http://twitter.com/tanepiper) [SublimeText-Nodejs](https://github.com/tanepiper/SublimeText-Nodejs) package for SublimeText 2.
