.config/sublime-text-2/Packages/EJS/README.md, before:

# EJS.tmLanguage

An EJS syntax definition specifically for sublime text.

There are two syntax definitions included in this package, each with different EJS open and closing tags.
You can switch between these syntax definitions via the commands `EJS: <% and %>` and `EJS: <? and ?>` 
in the command palette (Ctrl+Shift+P on Win and Cmd+Shift+P on Mac ).

`<?` and `?>` where chosen alternatives because of the convenience to type on a qwerty keyboard. 
You can use this option if you prefer the convenience, or stick with EJS's default/recommended open and closing tags (`<%` and `%>`).

## Feedback

Feedback on this project is welcome. Let me know if you have problems with the syntax definition by creating a new GitHub issue.

Tips or donations are also very appreciated.

[![Gittip](https://www.gittip.com/assets/8.0.8/logo.png)](https://www.gittip.com/samholmes/)
[![PayPal Donation](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif "Donate using PayPal")](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=SJCCMHKZLMSX2&lc=US&item_name=EJS%2etmLanguage&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted)  
[<img src="https://en.bitcoin.it/w/images/en/c/c4/BC_Logotype_Reverse.png" height='18'>](bitcoin:1Ep5xmuRhFQREJ9BjPnySmtK3fxkWankDc) **1Ep5xmuRhFQREJ9BjPnySmtK3fxkWankDc**

Commit message:

- Sublime package updates - Updated oh-my-zsh fork with latest upstream master

.config/sublime-text-2/Packages/EJS/README.md, after:

# EJS.tmLanguage

An EJS syntax definition specifically for sublime text.

There are two syntax definitions, each with different EJS open and closing tags.
You can switch to the alternative syntax definition via the 'alternative-syntax' branch in this repo.

`<?` and `?>` where chosen alternatives because of the convenience to type on a qwerty keyboard. 
You can use this option if you prefer the convenience, or stick with EJS's default/recommended open and closing tags (`<%` and `%>`).

## Feedback

Feedback on this project is welcome. Let me know if you have problems with the syntax definition by creating a new GitHub issue.

Tips or donations are also very appreciated.

[![Gittip](https://www.gittip.com/assets/8.0.8/logo.png)](https://www.gittip.com/samholmes/)
[![PayPal Donation](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif "Donate using PayPal")](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=SJCCMHKZLMSX2&lc=US&item_name=EJS%2etmLanguage&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted)  
[<img src="https://en.bitcoin.it/w/images/en/c/c4/BC_Logotype_Reverse.png" height='18'>](bitcoin:1Ep5xmuRhFQREJ9BjPnySmtK3fxkWankDc) **1Ep5xmuRhFQREJ9BjPnySmtK3fxkWankDc**
